Fix broken wiki links from monthly audit (#6951)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/ledger.md

### Polkadot (Generic) App

!!! info "Ledger Generic Support"

>     See [Zondax documentation](https://zondax.ch/docs/polkadot) to see which Polkadot and Kusama rollup chains support the Polkadot Generic Ledger App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See [the Parity Metadata page](https://data.parity.io/metadata) to see which Polkadot and Kusama rollup chains support the Polkadot Generic Ledger App.
```
